Now that you know how to route users to your website and handle the incoming traffic,
you will want the ability to notify or alert your users when certain events happen.
Did you know there are cloud services that make notification easy?
As you add additional features to your travel blogging website like
the ability to search or even the ability to make a hotel reservation,
you might consider adopting a container technology like Docker to help you
bundle your web application package that can easily move from environment to environment.
In this lesson, I will teach you how to send
notifications to your users using cloud services.
I will also show you how two systems communicate using messaging.
We will wrap up with you learning about containers and why
they are so useful for modern application development.
So let's get started.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6